Dragon Lord rest assured
That would never happen, would it?
Yes, Zhao in high definition
Give Qingzhou's local project to the Su family
The dragon banquet will be held after three days
Promote the Su family to the World Order of Zunlong
Dragon Lord, you are going back to the Dragon Palace.
No retirement for three years
I'm used to the mundane days
Rest of Life
I just want to protect him
Forever
I will give you the best of everything.
Yanyan is almost home at this time
I did what I asked you to do
Tonight, the Deep Furnace Banquet will officially start
At that time, the entire Qinzhou family will be present to congratulate
As for the 10 billion cooperation project
It will also be officially handed over to the Su Group
Very good, you have tens of billions of cooperative projects.
I have your support.
Su Linyan
It will also become the most shining commercial pearl of the building
What do you want to say?
Three years ago, the Su Group was on the verge of collapse
Thanks to you for always secretly supporting
To get to where we are today
All this credit should not be buried
Three years ago, I was injured and fell
The light boat collapsed on the street
I'm still a lost dog
Only Su Lingyan reached out to me
From that moment on
No matter what I do for him
He knows it all
I will hold his hand tonight
Walk in front of the dragon tablet together
Engrave the beauty of the Su family on the top of the dragon tablet
What do you mean?
You have recovered.
Black swallow has good news for you
My legs are little chen
Let's get a divorce.